# Today I Learned by *[Andres Pacheco]*

Ruby and Rails official documentation reading personal journal

## Week 1

### Thursday 23, July 2020 *[ARGF]*
ARGF is a sequence designed for use in scripts that process files given as command line arguments or passed through STDIN.

The arguments passed to your script are stored in the ARGV array, one argument per element. ARGF assumes that any argument other than the file name has been removed from ARGV.

Example
$ ruby ​​argf.rb --verbose archivo1 archivo2

ARGV # => ["--verbose", "archivo1", "archivo2"]
opción = ARGV.shift # => "--verbose"
ARGV # => ["archivo1", "archivo2"]

––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
ARGV . reemplazar [ "archivo1" ]
 ARGF . readlines  # Devuelve el contenido del archivo1 como una matriz 
ARGV            # => [] 
ARGV . reemplace [ "archivo2" , "archivo3" ]
 ARGF . read       # Devuelve el contenido de file2 y file3


 ### Friday 24, July 2020 *[ArgumentoError]*

 Raised when the arguments are wrong and there isn't a more specific Exception class.

Ex: passing the wrong number of arguments

[1, 2, 3].first(4, 5)
raises the exception:

ArgumentError: wrong number of arguments (given 2, expected 1)
Ex: passing an argument that is not acceptable:

[1, 2, 3].first(-4)
raises the exception:

ArgumentError: negative array size

### Monday 27, July 2020 *[Array]*

Array
Arrays are ordered, integer-indexed collections of any object.

Array indexing starts at 0, as in C or Java. A negative index is assumed to be relative to the end of the array—that is, an index of -1 indicates the last element of the array, -2 is the next to last element in the array, and so on.

Creating Arrays¶ ↑
A new array can be created by using the literal constructor []. Arrays can contain different types of objects. For example, the array below contains an Integer, a String and a Float:

ary = [1, "two", 3.0] #=> [1, "two", 3.0]

### Tuesday 28, July 2020 *[BasicObject]*

BasicObject is the parent class of all classes in Ruby. It's an explicit blank class.

BasicObject can be used for creating object hierarchies independent of Ruby's object hierarchy, proxy objects like the Delegator class, or other uses where namespace pollution from Ruby's methods and classes must be avoided.

To avoid polluting BasicObject for other users an appropriately named subclass of BasicObject should be created instead of directly modifying BasicObject:
 ==========
class MyObjectSystem < BasicObject
end

### Wednesday 29, July 2020 *[Binding]*

Objects of class Binding encapsulate the execution context at some particular place in the code and retain this context for future use. The variables, methods, value of self, and possibly an iterator block that can be accessed in this context are all retained. Binding objects can be created using Kernel#binding, and are made available to the callback of Kernel#set_trace_func and instances of TracePoint.

These binding objects can be passed as the second argument of the Kernel#eval method, establishing an environment for the evaluation.

Example:
class Demo
  def initialize(n)
    @secret = n
  end
  def get_binding
    binding
  end
end

k1 = Demo.new(99)
b1 = k1.get_binding
k2 = Demo.new(-3)
b2 = k2.get_binding

eval("@secret", b1)   #=> 99
eval("@secret", b2)   #=> -3
eval("@secret")       #=> nil

### Thursday 30, July 2020 *[Complex]*
A complex number can be represented as a paired real number with imaginary unit; a+bi. Where a is real part, b is imaginary part and i is imaginary unit. Real a equals complex a+0i mathematically.

Complex object can be created as literal, and also by using Kernel#Complex, ::rect, ::polar or #to_c method.

2+1i                 #=> (2+1i)
Complex(1)           #=> (1+0i)
Complex(2, 3)        #=> (2+3i)
Complex.polar(2, 3)  #=> (-1.9799849932008908+0.2822400161197344i)
3.to_c               #=> (3+0i)

You can also create complex object from floating-point numbers or strings.

Complex(0.3)         #=> (0.3+0i)
Complex('0.3-0.5i')  #=> (0.3-0.5i)
Complex('2/3+3/4i')  #=> ((2/3)+(3/4)*i)
Complex('1@2')       #=> (-0.4161468365471424+0.9092974268256817i)

0.3.to_c             #=> (0.3+0i)
'0.3-0.5i'.to_c      #=> (0.3-0.5i)
'2/3+3/4i'.to_c      #=> ((2/3)+(3/4)*i)
'1@2'.to_c           #=> (-0.4161468365471424+0.9092974268256817i)

### Friday 31, July 2020 *[Continuation]*
Continuation objects are generated by Kernel#callcc, after having +require+d continuation. They hold a return address and execution context, allowing a nonlocal return to the end of the callcc block from anywhere within a program. Continuations are somewhat analogous to a structured version of C's setjmp/longjmp (although they contain more state, so you might consider them closer to threads).

For instance:

require "continuation"
arr = [ "Freddie", "Herbie", "Ron", "Max", "Ringo" ]
callcc{|cc| $cc = cc}
puts(message = arr.shift)
$cc.call unless message =~ /Max/

produces:

Freddie
Herbie
Ron
Max

### Monday 3, August 2020 *[Dir]*

Objects of class Dir are directory streams representing directories in the underlying file system. They provide a variety of ways to list directories and their contents. See also File.

The directory used in these examples contains the two regular files (config.h and main.rb), the parent directory (..), and the directory itself (.).

Public Class Methods